Align promise concurrency method pages, more examples (#21762)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/promise/race/index.md

  console.log(foreverPendingPromise);
});

// Logs, in order:
// Promise { <state>: "pending" }
// the stack is now empty
// Promise { <state>: "pending" }
```

If the iterable contains one or more non-promise value and/or an already settled promise, then `Promise.race` will settle to the first of these values found in the array:

```js

> const foreverPendingPromise = Promise.race([]);

Author: `arr` and `arr2` are both "contains both non-Promise values and settled values", just in different orders. I'll prefer them to stay together so we can compare their results side-by-side, since the point made here is that the first to be found wins.

  console.log(p2);
});

// Logs, in order:
// Promise { <state>: "pending" }
// Promise { <state>: "pending" }
// the stack is now empty
// Promise { <state>: "fulfilled", <value>: 100 }
// Promise { <state>: "fulfilled", <value>: "non-Promise value" }
```

### Using Promise.race to implement request time-out

You can race a potentially long-lasting request with a timer that rejects, so that when the time limit has elapsed, the resulting promise automatically rejects.

```js
const data = Promise.race([
  fetch("/api"),
  new Promise((resolve, reject) => {
    // Reject after 5 seconds
    setTimeout(() => reject(new Error("Request timed out")), 5000);
  }),
])
  .then((res) => res.json())
  .catch((err) => displayError(err));
```

If the `data` promise fulfills, it will contain the data fetched from `/api`; otherwise, it will reject if `fetch` remains pending for 5 seconds and loses the race with the `setTimeout` timer.

> ### Using Promise.race to detect the status of a promise

Author: ```suggestion
### Using Promise.race() to detect the status of a promise
```

> Taking advantage of `Promise.race`'s behavior of resolving to the first non-pending promise in the iterable, we can check a promise's state, including if it's pending. This example is adapted from [`promise-status-async`](https://github.com/kudla/promise-status-async/blob/master/lib/promiseState.js).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because `Promise.race()` resolves to the first non-pending promise in the iterable, we can check a promise's state, including if it's pending. This example is adapted from [`promise-status-async`](https://github.com/kudla/promise-status-async/blob/master/lib/promiseState.js).
```

Author: ```suggestion
Because `Promise.race()` resolves to the first non-pending promise in the iterable, we can check a promise's state, including if it's pending. This example is adapted from [`promise-status-async`](https://github.com/kudla/promise-status-async/blob/master/lib/promiseState.js).
```

    (value) =>
      value === pendingState ? value : { status: "fulfilled", value },
    (reason) => ({ status: "rejected", reason }),
  );
}
```

In this function, if `promise` is pending, the second value, `pendingState`, which is a non-promise, becomes the result of the race; otherwise, if `promise` is already settled, we may know its state through the `onFulfilled` and `onRejected` handlers. For example:

```js
const p1 = new Promise((res) => setTimeout(() => res(100), 100));
const p2 = new Promise((res) => setTimeout(() => res(200), 200));
const p3 = new Promise((res, rej) => setTimeout(() => rej(300), 100));

async function getStates() {
  console.log(await promiseState(p1));
  console.log(await promiseState(p2));
  console.log(await promiseState(p3));
}

console.log("Immediately after initiation:");
getStates();
setTimeout(() => {
  console.log("After waiting for 100ms:");
  getStates();
}, 100);

// Logs:
// Immediately after initiation:
// { status: 'pending' }
// { status: 'pending' }
// { status: 'pending' }
// After waiting for 100ms:
// { status: 'fulfilled', value: 100 }
// { status: 'pending' }
// { status: 'rejected', reason: 300 }
```

> > **Note:** The `promiseState` function still runs asynchronously, because there is, by principle, no way to synchronously get a promise's value (i.e. without `then()` or `await`), even when it is already settled. However, `promiseState()` always fulfills within one tick and never actually waits for any promise's settlement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** The `promiseState` function still runs asynchronously, because there is no way to synchronously get a promise's value (i.e. without `then()` or `await`), even when it is already settled. However, `promiseState()` always fulfills within one tick and never actually waits for any promise's settlement.
```

> ### Comparison with Promise.any

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Comparison with Promise.any()
```
